sa men's hockey player John C Robinson
tells us about his Olympic experience
hey I'm Jon T Robinson apply for a
Moustakas taco the s Aryans hockey sad
that just went to the London Olympics I
think I've always played hockey my old
man an old lady played and that's how
they met my my dad was a school coach
and I started off in cotton wool sir
Becker another box I think six was the
best time of night a proper game and
then from there went down to Cape Town
and sort of playing for fish hook and
then WaMu boys high school and then I've
had to Jackson's been playing up for the
last couple years before going to
Belgium I played three seasons there
and typical day starts off with coffee
definitely after the solid breakfast and
then straight to the German go and do a
power session there for a couple of
hours and you know then a bit of jolt um
and try gets onto the turf again in the
morning to do but in a technical session
back home for lunch and you know back
down to the turf so when I'm in Si I've
been coaching at Sun ovens college which
has been quite cool yeah after that it's
come back and then come and join the
team in the evening for a solid two hour
session and charge around there
Gambian bloop returns gnarly man yeah
you never pushed ourselves so hard
before and dockets here is just the
drill sergeants and the whole time
knowing that's sort of 3/4 the way
through the tournament you're gonna get
an envelope telling you whether you've
made the Olympic team or not is
nerve-racking I remember I walked out
that's a big courtyard and it just had a
little spike in the grass by myself and
I held this envelope or what felt like
forever I just couldn't bring myself to
open it so so nervous and I was like yo
this this could be it all it's you know
sat there and opened it and the black
altar would slow yeah Jackie Robinson
congratulations you made the Olympic
team you can represent your country and
man and now as that was the most active
ever been in that lot of emotion was
insane like on this ultimate Hana ready
to get another three chance to make sure
you had actually said congratulations
and they are man that was that was a
moment always remember and it was really
really cool
thanks Olympic Games was was always
gonna be a tough one
you know we're the lowest ranked team
there and highest reach principle for
was eleven so going into if you we
definitely want to do to better that and
really make a difference and know that
we'll take notice of what South African
hockey and sort of the talent that we
have yet and you know what we've done to
to beat the odds to really get there
scoring two goals it at the Olympics was
was incredible
the first runner scored against Great
Britain to put us to one and silencing
that sixteen thousand strong Great
Britain crowd was there was something
special
the second goal and gets Argentina was a
bit of a mixed emotions I mean Adeste
she was sort of five 1:05 to down you
know he scored and there wasn't my
chance to celebrate here and got the war
left out the back of the Knicks and
charge back to the halfway line cuz
never wanted to you know get back an
eagle eyes and skin results out of the
game so yeah all they're all special and
yeah well women detail every detail of
its era for us to come
having my family at the Olympics was was
sorry special I mean you know I my mom
my dad my brother my girlfriend there
was incredible
they have energy for so long and through
so much of this and to have him there to
share that moment and that experience
was incredible you know you walk on and
they introduced you and you it's work to
a family which is shouting like crazy in
the corner and they were all dressed up
in like full-si flags is never going
crazy and that was awesome and then you
know after the game you guys get to go
and check to them and share some info
what they thought of the game and it was
it was really incredible having them
there was yeah I think this especially
was playing it
you